# 2018Spring: Web Server Programming
## In-Class Project: Creating a game - what do you meme?
# Essay about me
**Essay Topic 1: What is your experience on Programming so far?**<br />
	My first experience on programming is Java, which I took Computer Science 1 course with Professor Dos Reis at SUNY New Paltz. I had a little bit of experience with HTML and CSS before that, but I had no opportunity to study deep enough before coming to SUNY New Paltz. At SUNY New Paltz, I took CPS2, CPS3, Assembly Language, and Object-Oriented Programming so far. Now I'm taking Language Processing as an independent study. After taking these courses, I have established profound structures of programming in general and how to think like a computer scientist, which helps me to understand new skills and languages. Now, I can program with Java, Python, and some HTML with CSS. I'm still learning JavaScript. 

**Essay Topic 2: How would you use what you've learned in this course in the future?**<br />
	I expect to learn various concept and skills that will help me to build the ability to teach myself a new skill or a language. Also, I would use the experience of this course to prepare myself for dealing with rapidly changing computer science job field. I don't know which field that I want to go or I will go to after graduating schoo, but if I learn the foundation of how to use a new skill, and if I have an understanding of what programming is, I believe that I can do well in any field. I expect that if I follow this course and do my own project diligently, I can use not only the specific skills that I will learn in this course but also the deep understanding and foundation in the future. 